AST-2569 - Fix: Button background colour is not applied in the editor for specific templates. (#4784)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Off-canvas - Full screen - Mobile Menu gets very long scroll when Elementor plugin is activated.
- Fix: Full Width/Contained layout Layout is showing extra padding above in the Transparent Header.
- Fix: Block editor - Getting "wp.data.select( 'core/editor' )getBlocks()" console warning in editor as being deprecated in WordPress version 5.3.

> - Fix: Block editor - Button background colour is not applied in the editor for specific templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Block editor - Button background colour gets overridden by core styles for Legacy block editor setup.
```
